WRR-24070: Fixed InputField to reset 5WayKeyHold value (#1819)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/InputField` to receive focus properly when not wrapped in the same SpotlightContainerDecorator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/InputField` to receive focus properly when not contained in the same SpotlightContainer
```
